Helm fix in plugin docs (#1909)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/deployment/plugin_setup/k8s/index.rst

.. _deployment-plugin-setup-k8s:

> K8s Operator backend Plugin Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
K8s Operator
```
Since the main heading is "Plugin setup", I think K8s Operator should work.

Reviewer: Can you also modify AWS plugins setup to AWS, etc.?
<img width="318" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27777173/145156131-afeb6ea1-9ef8-4969-864a-cf5d94f2aa8c.png">

-----------------------------------------

> This guide gives an overview of how to set up the K8s Operator backend plugin in your Flyte deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide gives an overview of setting up the K8s Operator backend plugin in your Flyte deployment.
```

> 1. Add the flyte chart repo to helm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Flyte chart repo to Helm
```

  .. code-block::

>      helm repo add flyteorg https://flyteorg.github.io/flyte

Reviewer: <img width="732" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27777173/145152082-1b0d4446-8cf2-4602-9072-31e94d63b376.png">

Can we somehow remove the line?

Author: Yes it's tabbing issue, I fixed it

> 2. Start the Flyte sandbox for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start the Flyte sandbox for testing
```

   .. code-block:: bash

      flytectl sandbox start

> 3. Install the Kubeflow Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the Kubeflow Operator
```

Author: It should be K8s operator

   .. tabbed:: PyTorch Operator

      * Clone PyTorch repository

        .. code-block:: bash

           git clone https://github.com/kubeflow/pytorch-operator.git

>       * Build & apply pytorch operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Build & apply PyTorch operator
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           export KUBECONFIG=$KUBECONFIG:~/.kube/config:~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml
           kustomize build pytorch-operator/manifests/overlays/kubeflow | kubectl apply -f -

>    .. tabbed:: Tensorflow Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tabbed:: TensorFlow Operator
```

      * Clone training-operator repository

        .. code-block:: bash

           git clone https://github.com/kubeflow/training-operator.git

>       * Build & apply Tensorflow operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Build & apply TensorFlow operator
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           export KUBECONFIG=$KUBECONFIG:~/.kube/config:~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml
           kustomize build training-operator/manifests/overlays/kubeflow | kubectl apply -f -

   .. tabbed:: MPI Operator

>       * Clone training-operator repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Clone mpi-operator repository
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           git clone https://github.com/kubeflow/mpi-operator.git

>       * Build & apply MPI operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Build & apply MPI operator
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           export KUBECONFIG=$KUBECONFIG:~/.kube/config:~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml
           kustomize build mpi-operator/manifests/overlays/kubeflow | kubectl apply -f -

   .. tabbed:: Spark Operator

>       * Clone training-operator repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Add xxx
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           helm repo add incubator https://charts.helm.sh/incubator --force-update

>       * Install spark operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Install Spark operator
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           helm install incubator/sparkoperator --namespace spark-operator --kubeconfig=~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml

4. Create a file named ``values-override.yaml`` and add the following config to it:

   .. tabbed:: PyTorch Operator

>       * Enable the pytorch backend plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Enable PyTorch backend plugin
```

        .. code-block:: yaml

           configmap:
             enabled_plugins:
               # -- Tasks specific configuration [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#GetConfig)
               tasks:
                 # -- Plugins configuration, [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#TaskPluginConfig)
                 task-plugins:
                   # -- [Enabled Plugins](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flyteplugins/go/tasks/config#Config). Enable sagemaker*, athena if you install the backend
                   # plugins
                   enabled-plugins:
                     - container
                     - sidecar
                     - k8s-array
                     - pytorch
                   default-for-task-types:
                     container: container
                     sidecar: sidecar
                     container_array: k8s-array
                     pytorch: pytorch

>    .. tabbed:: Tensorflow Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tabbed:: TensorFlow Operator
```

>       * Enable the Tensorflow backend plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Enable the TensorFlow backend plugin
```

        .. code-block:: yaml

           configmap:
             enabled_plugins:
               # -- Tasks specific configuration [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#GetConfig)
               tasks:
                 # -- Plugins configuration, [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#TaskPluginConfig)
                 task-plugins:
                   # -- [Enabled Plugins](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flyteplugins/go/tasks/config#Config). Enable sagemaker*, athena if you install the backend
                   # plugins
                   enabled-plugins:
                     - container
                     - sidecar
                     - k8s-array
                     - tensorflow
                   default-for-task-types:
                     container: container
                     sidecar: sidecar
                     container_array: k8s-array
                     tensorflow: tensorflow

   .. tabbed:: MPI Operator

>       * Enable the MPI backend plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Enable MPI backend plugin
```

        .. code-block:: yaml

           configmap:
             enabled_plugins:
               # -- Tasks specific configuration [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#GetConfig)
               tasks:
                 # -- Plugins configuration, [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#TaskPluginConfig)
                 task-plugins:
                   # -- [Enabled Plugins](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flyteplugins/go/tasks/config#Config). Enable sagemaker*, athena if you install the backend
                   # plugins
                   enabled-plugins:
                     - container
                     - sidecar
                     - k8s-array
                     - mpi
                   default-for-task-types:
                     container: container
                     sidecar: sidecar
                     container_array: k8s-array
                     mpi: mpi

   .. tabbed:: Spark Operator

>       * Enable the Spark backend plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Enable Spark backend plugin
```

                     - spark.blacklist.enabled: "true"
                     - spark.blacklist.timeout: "5m"
                     - spark.task.maxfailures: "8"
           configmap:
             enabled_plugins:
               # -- Tasks specific configuration [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#GetConfig)
               tasks:
                 # -- Plugins configuration, [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#TaskPluginConfig)
                 task-plugins:
                   # -- [Enabled Plugins](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flyteplugins/go/tasks/config#Config). Enable sagemaker*, athena if you install the backend
                   # plugins
                   enabled-plugins:
                     - container
                     - sidecar
                     - k8s-array
                     - spark
                   default-for-task-types:
                     container: container
                     sidecar: sidecar
                     container_array: k8s-array
                     spark: spark

> 5. Upgrade the Flyte Helm release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Upgrade the Flyte Helm release
```

   .. tabbed:: Sandbox

        .. code-block:: bash

           helm upgrade -n flyte -f values-override.yaml flyteorg/flyte --kubeconfig=~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml

   .. tabbed:: AWS/GCP

        .. code-block:: bash

            helm upgrade -n flyte -f values-override.yaml flyteorg/flyte-core --kubeconfig=~/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml

> 6. Register the plugin example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Register the plugin example
```

   .. tabbed:: PyTorch Operator

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl register files --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks/releases/download/v0.2.225/snacks-cookbook-integrations-kubernetes-kfpytorch.tar.gz --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --version latest

>    .. tabbed:: Tensorflow Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tabbed:: TensorFlow Operator
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           # TODO: https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/issues/1757
           flytectl register files --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks/releases/download/v0.2.225/<TODO>.tar.gz --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --version latest

   .. tabbed:: MPI Operator

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl register files --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks/releases/download/v0.2.226/snacks-cookbook-integrations-kubernetes-kfmpi.tar.gz --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --version latest

   .. tabbed:: Spark Operator

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl register files --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks/releases/download/v0.2.226/snacks-cookbook-integrations-kubernetes-k8s_spark.tar.gz --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --version latest

> 7. Launch an execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Launch the execution
```

>    .. tabbed:: Flyte Console

Reviewer: Can we separate Flyte Console and FlyteCTL? For example, we can have two bullet points, one for Flyte Console and the other for FlyteCTL. Within FlyteCTL, we can have tabs.

Author: yes

>       * Navigate to Flyte Console's UI (e.g. `sandbox <http://localhost:30081/console>`_) and find the workflow.
>       * Click on `Launch` to open up the launch form.
>       * Submit the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Navigate to the Flyte Console's UI (e.g. `sandbox <http://localhost:30081/console>`_) and find the relevant workflow
      * Click on `Launch` to open up a launch form
      * Submit the form to launch the execution
```

   .. tabbed:: PyTorch Operator

>       * Retrieve an execution form in the form of a yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Retrieve an execution form in the form of a YAML file
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl get launchplan --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml --project flytesnacks --domain development kfpytorch.pytorch_mnist.pytorch_training_wf  --latest --execFile exec_spec.yaml --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml

>       * Launch an execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Launch! 🚀
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml create execution -p <project> -d <domain> --execFile ~/exec_spec.yaml

>    .. tabbed:: Tensorflow Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tabbed:: TensorFlow Operator
```

>       * Retrieve an execution form in the form of a yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Retrieve an execution in the form of a YAML file
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl get launchplan --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml --project flytesnacks --domain development <TODO: https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/issues/1757>  --latest --execFile exec_spec.yaml --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml

>       * Launch an execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Launch! 🚀
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml create execution -p <project> -d <domain> --execFile ~/exec_spec.yaml

   .. tabbed:: MPI Operator

>       * Retrieve an execution form in the form of a yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Retrieve an execution in the form of a YAML file
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl get launchplan --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml --project flytesnacks --domain development kfmpi.mpi_mnist.horovod_training_wf  --latest --execFile exec_spec.yaml --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml

>       * Launch an execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Launch! 🚀
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml create execution -p <project> -d <domain> --execFile ~/exec_spec.yaml

   .. tabbed:: Spark Operator

>       * Retrieve an execution form in the form of a yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Retrieve an execution in the form of a YAML file
```

        .. code-block:: bash

           flytectl get launchplan --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml --project flytesnacks --domain development k8s_spark.pyspark_pi.my_spark  --latest --execFile exec_spec.yaml --config ~/.flyte/flytectl.yaml

>       * Launch an execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Launch! 🚀
```
